Check and clean up the examples, and  add error chains (#505)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/errors/gql-errors/22ND2.adoc

. Deny matching privileges to the role `role` for all nodes in the `secretDb` graph:
+
[source, cypher]
----
DENY MATCH {*} ON GRAPH secretDb NODES * TO role;
----

. Try assigning both roles to the `authrule`:
+
[source, cypher]
----
CYPHER 25 GRANT ROLE otherrole, role TO AUTH RULE authrule;
----
+
The query returns a chain of errors where GQLSTATUS 22ND2 is the cause of GQLSTATUS xref:errors/gql-errors/42001.adoc[42001]:
+
.GQLSTATUS error chain
[source, error]
----
22ND2: data exception - operation not allowed for roles with DENY privileges. Invalid input: 'GRANT ROLE role TO AUTH RULE authrule' is not allowed for roles with DENY privileges.
  42001: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid syntax
----
+
The error message contains a subset of the original query that caused the issue.
Since `otherrole` does not have denied privileges, it is not included.

== Possible solutions

Consider whether it is possible to implement the security model without using denied privileges, for example, by revoking granted privileges or reducing the scope of the grant statements.

> For example, you can replace the generic grant from step 2 in the <<example-scenario-22nd2, Example scenario>> with the following more fine-grained alternative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can replace the generic deny from step 1 in the <<example-scenario-22nd2, Example scenario>> with the following more fine-grained alternative:
```

> . Revoke both roles from the `authrule` and the denied privileges to reproduce the original scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Revoke the denied privilege to reproduce the original scenario:
```

----
+
The query returns a chain of errors where GQLSTATUS 22ND2 is the cause of GQLSTATUS xref:errors/gql-errors/42001.adoc[42001]:
+
.GQLSTATUS error chain
[source, error]
----
22ND2: data exception - operation not allowed for roles with DENY privileges. Invalid input: 'GRANT ROLE role TO AUTH RULE authrule' is not allowed for roles with DENY privileges.
  42001: syntax error or access rule violation - invalid syntax
----
+
The error message contains a subset of the original query that caused the issue.
Since `otherrole` does not have denied privileges, it is not included.

== Possible solutions

Consider whether it is possible to implement the security model without using denied privileges, for example, by revoking granted privileges or reducing the scope of the grant statements.

For example, you can replace the generic grant from step 2 in the <<example-scenario-22nd2, Example scenario>> with the following more fine-grained alternative:

. Revoke both roles from the `authrule` and the denied privileges to reproduce the original scenario:
+
[source, cypher]
----
REVOKE ROLE role FROM AUTH RULE authrule;
REVOKE ROLE otherrole FROM AUTH RULE authrule;

> REVOKE DENY MATCH {*} ON GRAPH secretDb NODES * FROM role;

Reviewer: since the granting of the roles failed we shouldn't have any roles on the auth rule... but yeah you need to revoke the DENY privilege for this example to work

----

. Grant match privileges to the role for specific graphs instead of denying access to all nodes in the `secretDb` graph:
+
[source, cypher]
----
GRANT MATCH {*} ON GRAPH publicDb, documentationDb NODES * TO role, otherrole;
----

> +

Reviewer: should we then show that we can grant the role to the auth rule?

Author: Yes, could you help me with an example?

Reviewer: just something along the lines of this, just showing that step 2 from the example above now works
```suggestion
+
Then it is possible to assign both roles to the `authrule`.
+
. Try assigning both roles to the `authrule`:
+
[source, cypher]
----
CYPHER 25 GRANT ROLE otherrole, role TO AUTH RULE authrule;
----
+
```
